[Queues] Add Metrics page to Queues, GraphQL Examples (#8862)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/learning/metrics.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Metrics 
weight: 5
---

# Metrics

You can view the metrics for a Queue on your account via the dashboard. Navigate to **Workers** > **Queues** > **your Queue** and under the **Metrics** tab you'll be able to view line charts describing the number of messages processed by final outcome, the number of messages in the backlog, and other important indicators.

The metrics displayed in the dashboard charts are all pulled from Cloudflare's GraphQL Analytics API, and you can access them programmatically.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Queues metrics are split across three different nodes under `viewer` > `accounts`. Refer to [Explore the GraphQL schema](/analytics/graphql-api/getting-started/explore-graphql-schema/) to learn how to navigate a GraphQL schema and discover which data are available.

To learn more about the GraphQL Analytics API, refer to [GraphQL Analytics API](/analytics/graphql-api/).

```

## Writing GraphQL Queries

> Here are some GraphQL examples to get you started exploring your Queues metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of how to explore your Queues metrics.
```

> Learn more about the GraphQL Analytics API [here](/analytics/graphql-api/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I moved 

**Learn more about the GraphQL Analytics API [here](/analytics/graphql-api/).**

above.

> The Queues metrics are split across three different nodes under `viewer` > `accounts`. To learn more about how to navigate the GraphQL schema and discover which data are available and you can read [this](/analytics/graphql-api/getting-started/explore-graphql-schema/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Also moved this above.

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: Metrics 
weight: 5
---

# Metrics

> You can view the metrics for a Queue on your account via the Cloudflare dashboard. Navigate to **Workers** > **Queues** > **your Queue** and under the **Metrics** tab you'll be able to view line charts describing the number of messages processed by final outcome, the number of messages in the backlog, and other important indicators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the metrics for a Queue on your account via the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com). Navigate to **Workers** > **Queues** > **your Queue** and under the **Metrics** tab you'll be able to view line charts describing the number of messages processed by final outcome, the number of messages in the backlog, and other important indicators.
```

The metrics displayed in the Cloudflare dashboard charts are all pulled from Cloudflare's GraphQL Analytics API. You can access the metrics programmatically.
The Queues metrics are split across three different nodes under `viewer` > `accounts`. Refer to [Explore the GraphQL schema](/analytics/graphql-api/getting-started/explore-graphql-schema/) to learn how to navigate a GraphQL schema and discover which data are available.

To learn more about the GraphQL Analytics API, refer to [GraphQL Analytics API](/analytics/graphql-api/).

## Write GraphQL queries

Examples of how to explore your Queues metrics.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Remove these two lines.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
